Blogpost release (#3976)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/blog/Webots-2022-a-release.md

Before, Webots was using **NUE** as the global coordinate system and we switched it to be new **ENU** by default.

**NUE** means _North_ along the _X_-positive axis, _Up_ along the _Y_-positive axis and _East_ along the _Z_-positive axis.

**ENU** means _East_ along the _X_-positive axis, _North_ along the _Y_-positive axis and _Up_ along the _Z_-positive axis

In addition, **the object's axis system of Webots is now FLU** (_x-**F**orward, y-**L**eft, z-**U**p_). Whereas before there was no real preferred object's axis system.

%figure "On the left, Webots R2021b, on the right Webots R2022a"
![Axis illustration](images/flu-enu.png)
%end

### Why These Changes?

ENU and FLU are the most widely used axis conventions in robotics, including ROS and ROS2.

More and more people are using Webots with ROS2 and we changed the axis convention of Webots to make it easier for them !

### What Changed?

We worked hard to convert all PROTOS and worlds distributed with Webots for you, so that they are ready to use in R2022a.

A mechanism of backward compatibility has been implemented directly in Webots.
Unfortunately, it was not possible to make it work in every cases.

> It will try to convert worlds but cannot convert protos.

Reviewer: It converts PROTOs as well but at runtime only.

%figure "Skin examples"
![Skin examples](images/skin.png)
%end

---

## Improving User Interface

Several improvement enhanced the user experience:

  - Rotating objects directly in the scene is now easier than before.
  - The zooming speed has been adjusted to make the navigation more pleasant.
  - Webots now displays a warning when a user attempts to add a node in an already started simulation.

---

## ROS and ROS 2

The Webots ROS and ROS 2 interfaces were maintained and updated to benefit from the new features of Webots R2022a, such as the ENU/FLU orientations, the Skin node and the GPS speed vector.
New versions of the `webots_ros` package were released for [melodic](https://index.ros.org/p/webots_ros/#melodic) and [noetic](https://index.ros.org/p/webots_ros/#noetic).

In addition to this, the Webots ROS 2 interface was fully redesigned to be more user friendly and scalable.
The `webots_ros2_driver` sub-package replaces the previous `webots_ros2_core` sub-package, which is now obsolete.
This new sub-package automatically creates a ROS 2 interface out of a Webots robot model, allowing users to configure the ROS 2 interface in URDF files.

> Moreover, users can extend the interface using the [pluginlib](https://github.com/ros/pluginlib/tree/ros2) plugin mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, users can extend the interface by creating C++ (with [pluginlib](https://github.com/ros/pluginlib/tree/ros2) plugin mechanism) or Python plugins.
```
Only C++ plugins are based on pluginlib, so it might be more appealing to let users know they can use C++ and Python create plugins.

The [ROS 2 tutorials](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2/wiki/Tutorials) were updated accordingly and further developed.
New versions of the `webots_ros2` ROS package were released for [foxy](https://index.ros.org/p/webots_ros2/#foxy), [galactic](https://index.ros.org/p/webots_ros2/#galactic) and [rolling](https://index.ros.org/p/webots_ros2/#rolling).

> 

Reviewer: We should also mention the MoveIt2 integration example and Navigation2 example with Tiago robot. I will do it now.
